.TH "ALIYUN-IMG-UTILS IMAGE" "1" "2025-05-19" "2.3.0" "aliyun-img-utils image Manual"
.SH NAME
aliyun-img-utils\-image \- Image commands.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aliyun-img-utils image
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    Image commands.
    
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBactivate\fP
  Activate compute image (make available) in...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-activate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBactivate\fP command.
.PP
\fBcreate\fP
  Create a compute image from a qcow2 image...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-create(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcreate\fP command.
.PP
\fBdelete\fP
  Delete a compute image and optionally the...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-delete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete\fP command.
.PP
\fBdeprecate\fP
  Deprecate compute in a set of regions.
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-deprecate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdeprecate\fP command.
.PP
\fBpublish\fP
  Publish a compute image in a set of regions.
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-publish(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpublish\fP command.
.PP
\fBreplicate\fP
  Replicate a compute image to a set of...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-replicate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreplicate\fP command.
.PP
\fBupload\fP
  Upload a qcow2 image to a storage bucket...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-upload(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBupload\fP command.
.PP
\fBinfo\fP
  Get a dictionary of image data for an...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-info(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinfo\fP command.
.PP
\fBshare-permission\fP
  Describe compute image share permission in...
  See \fBaliyun-img-utils image-share-permission(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshare-permission\fP command.
