.TH "ALIYUN-IMG-UTILS IMAGE UPLOAD" "1" "2025-05-19" "2.3.0" "aliyun-img-utils image upload Manual"
.SH NAME
aliyun-img-utils\-image\-upload \- Upload a qcow2 image to a storage bucket...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aliyun-img-utils image upload
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    Upload a qcow2 image to a storage bucket in the current region.
    
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-image\-file\fP PATH
Path to qcow2 image.  [required]
.TP
\fB\-\-page\-size\fP INTEGER RANGE
Size of page size chunks for image upload. Minimum chunk size is 100KB.  [x>=102400]
.TP
\fB\-\-blob\-name\fP TEXT
Name to use for blob in the storage bucket. By default the filename from image file will be used.
.TP
\fB\-\-force\-replace\-image\fP
Delete the image prior to upload if it already exists.
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP INTEGER RANGE
Session timeout (in minutes) for image upload. Default is 180 minutes.  [x>=1]
.TP
\fB\-\-direct\-transfer\fP
Upload directly to region endpoint with no acceleration.
.TP
\fB\-\-accelerated\-transfer\fP
(Default) Use transfer acceleration for image upload. See docs for more info: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/131312.htm.
.TP
\fB\-C,\fP \-\-config\-dir PATH
Aliyun Image utils config directory to use. Default: ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fP TEXT
The configuration profile to use. Expected to match a config file in config directory. Example: production, for ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/production.yaml. The default value is default: ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/default.yaml
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Remove ANSI color and styling from output.
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fP
Display debug level logging to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-info\fP
Display logging info to console. (Default)
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet\fP
Display only errors to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-access\-key\fP TEXT
Access key used for authentication of requests.
.TP
\fB\-\-access\-secret\fP TEXT
Access secret used for authentication of requests.
.TP
\fB\-\-bucket\-name\fP TEXT
Storage bucket to store uploaded images.
.TP
\fB\-\-region\fP TEXT
The region to use for the image requests.
