.TH "ALIYUN-IMG-UTILS IMAGE PUBLISH" "1" "2025-05-19" "2.3.0" "aliyun-img-utils image publish Manual"
.SH NAME
aliyun-img-utils\-image\-publish \- Publish a compute image in a set of regions.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aliyun-img-utils image publish
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    Publish a compute image in a set of regions.
.PP
    If no regions are provided the image is published to all
    available regions.
    
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-image\-name\fP TEXT
Name of the image to be published.  [required]
.TP
\fB\-\-launch\-permission\fP TEXT
The launch permission to set for the published image.  [required]
.TP
\fB\-\-regions\fP TEXT
A comma separated list of region ids to publish the provided image in. If no regions are provided the image will be published in all available regions.
.TP
\fB\-C,\fP \-\-config\-dir PATH
Aliyun Image utils config directory to use. Default: ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fP TEXT
The configuration profile to use. Expected to match a config file in config directory. Example: production, for ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/production.yaml. The default value is default: ~/.config/aliyun_img_utils/default.yaml
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Remove ANSI color and styling from output.
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fP
Display debug level logging to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-info\fP
Display logging info to console. (Default)
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet\fP
Display only errors to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-access\-key\fP TEXT
Access key used for authentication of requests.
.TP
\fB\-\-access\-secret\fP TEXT
Access secret used for authentication of requests.
.TP
\fB\-\-bucket\-name\fP TEXT
Storage bucket to store uploaded images.
.TP
\fB\-\-region\fP TEXT
The region to use for the image requests.
